Added disks module (#917)
Azure/ResourceModules: arm/Microsoft.Compute/disks/readme.md

### Parameter Usage: `roleAssignments`

```json
"roleAssignments": {
    "value": [
        {
            "roleDefinitionIdOrName": "Reader",
            "principalIds": [
                "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012", // object 1
                "78945612-1234-1234-1234-123456789012" // object 2
            ]
        },
        {
            "roleDefinitionIdOrName": "/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/roleDefinitions/c2f4ef07-c644-48eb-af81-4b1b4947fb11",
            "principalIds": [
                "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012" // object 1
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

### Parameter Usage: `tags`

Tag names and tag values can be provided as needed. A tag can be left without a value.

```json
"tags": {
    "value": {
        "Environment": "Non-Prod",
        "Contact": "test.user@testcompany.com",
        "PurchaseOrder": "1234",
        "CostCenter": "7890",
        "ServiceName": "DeploymentValidation",
        "Role": "DeploymentValidation"
    }
}
```

## Outputs

| Output Name | Type | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | `diskResourceGroup` | string | The resource group the  disk was deployed into |
> | `diskResourceId` | string | The resource ID of the disk |
> | `diskResourceName` | string | The name of the disk |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resourceGroupName` | string | The resource group the  disk was deployed into |
| `resourceId` | string | The resource ID of the disk |
| `name` | string | The name of the disk |
```
